## Photorealistic Rendering and the Ray-Tracing Algorithm

Ray-tracing is the basis of photorealistic rendering, it follows the path of a
ray of light as it interacts with the objects of the scene. Each ray-tracer
must simulate at least the following properties.

* _Cameras:_ A camera determine how and from where the scene is being viewed,
    many rendering systems generate rays starting at the camera.
* _Ray-object intersections:_ It is necessary to determine when a ray
    intersects and object, and useful to also find the surface normal or its
    material. Most implementations have a method for testing multiple
    intersections at once, and finding the nearest.
* _Light sources:_ Ray-tracers must model the distribution of light throughout
    the scene, including the locations of the lights themselves.
* _Visibility:_ We must know wherever there is an uninterrupted path between a
    point and a light source. This is relatively easy for ray-tracers.
* _Surface scattering:_ Each object must provide a description of its
    appearance, including how light interacts with the object's surface, and
    how it scatters light. This is usually parametrized, so that many different
    appearances can be modeled.
* _Indirect light transport:_ Light can arrive at a surface after bouncing off
    of, or going though other surfaces, thus it is usually necessary to trace
    additional rays originating form the surface to capture this.
* _Ray propagation:_ Rays of light will propagate differently between a vacuum,
    glass, smoke, fog and other mediums. We need to be able to model these
    appropriately.

### Cameras

As with physical camera technology, we will begin by simulating a pinhole
camera. For our case, we will place the film plane in front of the pinhole. In
this case, we will refer to the pinhole as the _eye_. We will call the area
that will be imaged by the eye that is in front of the film plane, as the
viewing volume.

Now the process of determining the color at each point on the image begins. In
a pinhole camera, the only light that effects the film, is the ray that travels
in through the pinhole and hits the film. In our model of a camera, we will use
the eye as the origin for a ray, and the vector from the eye to the film plane
as the direction. Each of these rays will then correspond to the light for a
single point in the image.

More complex models of a camera can be constructed, using lenses to simulate
more modern cameras.

### Ray-Object Intersections

Each time the camera generates a ray, the first task is to calculate which
object, if any, that ray intersects first and where the intersection occurs.
This will be the visible point for this ray, and we will want to simulate the
interaction of light with the object at this point. To do this, we will test
the ray for intersection against all object, and select the one that the ray
intersects first. Given a ray \(r\), we write:
\[
r(t)=o+t\mathbf{d},
\]
where \(o\) is the ray's origin, \(\mathbb{d}\) is the ray's direction, and
\(t\) is a parameter whose range is \((0,\infty)\).
